---
draft: true
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Version 0.4.0 - Release Notes

## General Notes:

Several Admin Panel upgrades in the Knowledge Base portal (/maintain-kb). Add Source (/maintain-kb/upload) functionality is completed and functional.

- There are two logins for the admin panel.
    - Username: admin | Password: Password@1
    - Username: TestAdmin | Password: Testing@2
    - Other accounts coming soon

## Knowledge Base Portal

Knowledge Base portal now displays accurate current sources, as API is hooked up. Other table APIs should be hooked up faster, now that we have an abstract set of functions to implement the other tables. We expect **all** tables to be hooked up by the next release in v0.0.5

### Add Source

API hookup is complete. Users and testers are now able to upload files to the knowledge base. Please note that it takes a while to upload, and the upload button displays "Loading..." for when the uploading is in progress. After discussion with the experience team, and various stakeholders, we will provide a UI update such as a loading screen.


## Chatbot
This release we have started to implement our chatbot settings. In this version we have added support for adjusting the font size of the messages. There are 3 font sizes you can choose according to your liking. As well, we have implemented a refresh button to allow the ability to start a new chat with the chatbot. 

### Bug Fixes
- Added ability to close pop up message
- Handle empty messages
- Disable chats if the chatbot is throwing errors
- Auto resizing message text box
- Removed ability to send feedback on the startup message

## Known Issues:
- Users are **not** able to deploy a new source in archived state. This will be complete in the next release in v0.5.0.
- Users are **not** able to create a new category. This will be complete in the next release in v0.5.0.
