---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Version 0.5.1 - Release Notes

## General Notes:

Additional API hook-ups and minor Admin Panel bug fixes.

-   There are two logins for the admin panel.
    -   Username: admin | Password: Password@1
    -   Username: TestAdmin | Password: Testing@2
    -   Other accounts coming soon. Please request new accounts with name and email if you need additional accounts.


## Stable Tables

Many bug fixes in tables in addition to Export CSV for tables. Tables are more sortable, and more filterable than **ever**, and we have plans to throughly test it more.

## Export Table Data as CSV
Exporting as CSV is complete for most tables. Detailed error message is viewable for failed downloads. Specifically, we have the Usage Table in the KB Knowledge Interface table.

### Removal of Print Option

We heard from WIP feedback that the print option was useless — and we totally agree. We have removed the feature as we think that the user better manipulate and display a csv file with programs like Microsoft Excel.

### Disabling Row Select

*Again*, we heard from WIP feedback that row selection option was useless — and we totally agree. We have removed the feature.


### Review Chat History

API hookup is complete. Admins are now able to review All Responses depending on each question from a user in a certain chat history. Admins can review the dialogue between the user and the chatbot and see a certain rating (Thumbs Up or Down). When admins hover over each response from Chat Dialog UI, the admin can notice the rating (Thumbs Up or Down), the comment, and the sources with regard to each request. Likewise, if the rating is bad, admins can examine what kind of sources are used for answering the question.

## Knowledge Base Portal

Uploading KB bug when clicking "Upload" instead of dragging and dropping is fixed. Users are also able to view their name when uploading, instead of the placeholder we had before.

## Known Issues:

- All known bugs that have not been fixed from v0.5.0
- Admin or User cannot view KB source files.