---
sidebar_position: 8
---

# Version 0.6.0 - Release Notes

## General Notes:

Refactoring admin-panel and several Chatbot bug fixes since v0.5.2.

## Testing Accounts

| Username   | Password       |
|------------|----------------|
| admin      | Password@1     |
| TestAdmin  | Testing@2      |
| jerry      | Secure@1       |
| john123    | Abc123!!!      |
| janejane   | Cooladmin#6    |


## Chatbot

### Minor Bug Fixes
* Font size selection persists after the user reloads the chatbot.
* The chatbot returns an error status if the rating submission was not successful. Users now have the option to resubmit feedback if the first attempt was not successful.
* Minor formatting bug fixes.

## Admin Panel

### Archive Source from Knowledge Base
Users can now archive sources from the Source instance page. Users must verify their action by entering their password.

### Allows for Custom Categories
Users can now enter custom categories when uploading new sources to the Knowledge Base. 

### Refactoring
Beginning the final stages of refactoring the front-end of the admin panel and enforce [Coast Companion React/TSX Style Guide](../frontend/style-guide.mdx).

#### Minor Bug fixes
We have pre-deployed intermediate versions between v0.5.2 and v0.6.0 (current version) focused on refactoring which introduced new bugs. Those bugs did **not** exist in v0.5.2, but due to the pre-deployment, the demo contained some of these new bugs. The new bugs from refactoring has been fixed and refactoring code from v0.5.2 has not introduced new bugs for v0.6.0.

* Fixed bug in Table export modal (exporting csv file) where the messages were not accurate at displaying row numbers. It has now been fixed


## Known Issues:
- Currently users are **not** able to modify categories.
- **Source Usage Export** (Table Export) is currently not working.
