---
sidebar_position: 9
---

# Version 0.7.0 - Release Notes

## General Notes

This release introduces significant enhancements including support for font styles in chatbot responses, improvements in response accuracy, a wide range of comprehensive integration of the admin panel, and various bug fixes.

## Testing Accounts

| Username   | Password     |
|------------|--------------|
| admin      | Password@1   |
| TestAdmin  | Testing@2    |
| jerry      | Secure@1     |
| john123    | Abc123!!!    |
| janejane   | Cooladmin#6  |

## Chatbot

### Response Style Support
- Introduced font style rendering for chatbot responses, enabling a more engaging user interaction.

### Constrained Results
- Enhanced the chatbot's ability to provide more focused and relevant information from the Coast Capital knowledge base, ensuring higher accuracy and relevance in responses.

## Admin Panel

### Security Improvements
- Enhanced security measures for the admin panel, including more robust authentication and data protection mechanisms.
- All API routes are protected under the user's AWS Cognito authentication.

### Source Category Options
- Added functionality for viewing created custom categories for better organization and accessibility of sources when modifying or creating a new source.
- Introduced filtering options for custom categories, allowing for more efficient navigation and source management.

### Dynamic Source Page
- Revamped the source page layout to differentiate between active and archived sources, enhancing user experience.
- Archived sources are now clearly marked and restricted from editing, emphasizing their read-only status.

### Style Changes
- Implemented several design updates across the navigation bar, sidebar, and footer for a more cohesive and user-friendly interface.
- Adjusted card designs in the main content area to optimize space utilization and improve the display of information within tables.

### Error Page Improvements
- Improved the error page design for better clarity and user guidance.
- Added a feature to download error logs directly from the error page, facilitating easier troubleshooting and support for crashes that include API-related issues from the back-end.

### Chat Sessions Page Improvements
- Improved the usability of the Chat Sessions page by turning the list of sources used by the chatbot into a list of links that open up a detailed view of that source
